User Story 2: Record Voice
--------------------------------------------------------------
|-What the user will do:
 1. From a list of friends who play the game, user will select
a friend to send a voice recording to.
 2. User will then record a small snippet from a song the game
will generate based on the user's Spotify playlists and the
selected friend's Spotify playlists.
 3. If user is satisfied, user will "send" to friend and
friend will receive a notification.

|-What happens when everything goes right:
 1.1 User needs to be able to see a list of friends who play
the game as well.
 1.2 If user selects a friend, then the game will be able to
get Spotify playlists from both the user and the friend, and
from a list of songs both users have in their playlists,
randomly select a song and segment from the song.
 2.1 The game will use the user's computer's microphone to
record the user
 2.2 The game will temporarily save the recording so that the
user can listen to the recording to make sure they are
satisfied
 3. The game will send a notification to the friend reporting
the user's name, and the voice recording. A link will be
included that leads to the game website for the friend to
click on and respond to.

|-What to do if something goes wrong:
 1.1 If user does not have any friends who play the game, tell
the user they do not have any friends who play the game but
that they can invite friends using a link.
 1.2.1 If the game is unable to get a list of songs both the
user and friend listen to based on their Spotify playlists,
then tell the user that there are no common songs between their
Spotify playlists, and offer the options to randomly choose a
song from either the user's playlist, the friend's playlist, or
a randomly generated song (from one of Spotify's pop playlists)
 1.2.2 If the game is unable to get a list of songs because the
user does not have any playlists, then tell the user that they
do not have any playlists, and offer the options to randomly
choose a song from the friend's playlist or a randomly generated
song from one of Spotify's pop playlists
 1.2.3 If the game is unable to get a list of songs because the
friend does not have any playlists, then tell the user that they
do not have any playlists, and offer the options to randomly
choose a song from the user's playlist or a randomly generated
song from one of Spotify's pop playlists
 2.1 If the game cannot access the computer's microphone, ask
the user to give the game acess to the computer's microphone
 2.2.1 If the game cannot save the recording or the recording is
lost, ask the user to record again.
 2.2.2 If the user is not satisfied with the recording, give an
option to redo the recording.
 3.1 If the game cannot send a notification to the friend because
of a network disconnection, then tell the user that the game is
disconnected, and to reconnect.
 3.2 If the game cannot send a notification to the friend because
there is no "address" for the friend, notify the user and ask the
user to make sure that the friend has a verified account.